hey everybody get excited we're almost
there it's Sasser annual 2023 September
6th through 8th in the SF area we're
actually at the San Mateo County
Fairgrounds which is right in between
Palo Alto and San Francisco it's just 10
to 15 minutes north of Palo Alto 15 to
20 minutes south of Soma in San
Francisco and it's epic because we have
40 indoor and outdoor acres for a big
Festival style event for 12 000 of the
best in SAS and Cloud if you haven't
been before even if you have it's new
it's different this year we've got seven
stages running the best in Sasson Cloud
the best Co cro CMO CCO cpos they'll all
be there from leaders like Monday and
MailChimp and Asana and pagerduty
um to uh fresh works and on and on the
best of the best will be there sharing
it with you if you like to learn in
smaller sessions more intimate sessions
will have over 500 brain dates and
workshops in Hangar East which is just
above my head uh we'll have over a
hundred tables and mini workshops for
brain dates where you can meet with tons
of top
um Revenue leaders and Founders in
one-on-one one on four one on eight one
on 16 sessions to do really meet people
some folks stay in these brain dates in
fact all three days uh and also we'll
have a new Container Park with a zip
line flying above with two smaller
Workshop stages where you can get really
close to top Revenue leaders and CEOs
and ask in-depth amas and in fact we'll
have 55 amas this year across the stages
in addition to these workshops and braid
dates so you will meet interact with and
get to know the best of the best here
it's pretty crazy again we've got 40
acres or so much so much fun stuff going
on we've got Sasser Square Park we've
got the fun Plaza stage where we will
have
are incredible
um big party uh the second night um uh
um and and there we'll have the cheat
codes which is going to be pretty fun in
the huge Hangar West above my head uh
the first night we'll have the first
ever Wine and Food Festival
um we will go and we'll have tons of
stations where you can meet friends you
can have some of the best wines from
Napa some of the best snacks
um and anyhow they'll be fun stuff to do
all day again from the zip line to the
brain dates to The Wine and Food
Festival to cheat codes to brain dates
to workshops there's almost too much
um and then day three don't forget six
seven eight day three is money day
um in addition to having a massive AI
track we'll have over 600 of the top VCS
in SAS and Cloud there on Friday the 8th
um we'll have tons of ways to meet VCS
pitch VCS get in front of VCS and all
those stages will be lit up with many of
the best VCS from many of the best
friends from Bessemer to Sequoia to uh
to Peak 15
um to light speed and on and on they'll
all be there almost all the best
investors in SAS and Cloud will be there
so it's it's almost three full days it's
there's a lot to take in but boy it's
fun I really hope you could enjoy us for
the whole time or as much of it as you
can September 6th to 8th in the SF area
it's saster annual 2023 it's gonna rock